[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey all, figured we might want a long-lived topic for the JS subgroup somewhere. </p>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"553681\">@Guy Bedford</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"268586\">@Ralph</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"617931\">@Dirk Bäumer</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"411395\">@Saúl Cabrera</span> </p>\n<p>The notes PR from today is here:</p>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings/pull/397\">https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings/pull/397</a></p>\n<p>Docs here:</p>\n<p><a href=\"https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_enk-oue7pCgR6SKMACAUTS88_ut5V92e35wW1MOeBE/edit\">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_enk-oue7pCgR6SKMACAUTS88_ut5V92e35wW1MOeBE/edit</a></p>\n<div class=\"message_embed\"><a class=\"message_embed_image\" href=\"https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings/pull/397\" style=\"background-image: url(&quot;https://uploads.zulipusercontent.net/a21f2c3b1ec23e1e63073a86a31430a01843c17f/68747470733a2f2f6f70656e67726170682e6769746875626173736574732e636f6d2f303637376664616264613238393132663837353436316465353962323939653061653230663262356632316130313065353637346264623632633666666435352f62797465636f6465616c6c69616e63652f6d656574696e67732f70756c6c2f333937&quot;)\"></a><div class=\"data-container\"><div class=\"message_embed_title\"><a href=\"https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings/pull/397\" title=\"meetings(sig-guest-js): add meeting 2024/08/22 by vados-cosmonic · Pull Request #397 · bytecodealliance/meetings\">meetings(sig-guest-js): add meeting 2024/08/22 by vados-cosmonic · Pull Request #397 · bytecodealliance/meetings</a></div><div class=\"message_embed_description\">We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously.</div></div></div><div class=\"message_embed\"><a class=\"message_embed_image\" href=\"https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_enk-oue7pCgR6SKMACAUTS88_ut5V92e35wW1MOeBE/edit\" style=\"background-image: url(&quot;https://uploads.zulipusercontent.net/31555cbd7ba1ba16b3542959bc1165f1faf7d983/68747470733a2f2f6c68372d75732e676f6f676c6575736572636f6e74656e742e636f6d2f646f63732f41486b6277794c49746f684263493958544f72756f623939795771676d4d4d745950594c495637507a46707765422d697877415564723553795752784550675039463643674830595457426b54384f6663767a73705a5855395a31676b6871746559477571665155494a61766931327579645f67436e4f4a3d77313230302d683633302d70&quot;)\"></a><div class=\"data-container\"><div class=\"message_embed_title\"><a href=\"https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_enk-oue7pCgR6SKMACAUTS88_ut5V92e35wW1MOeBE/edit\" title=\"Notes - JavaScript subgroup (BA Guest Languages SIG)\">Notes - JavaScript subgroup (BA Guest Languages SIG)</a></div><div class=\"message_embed_description\">|  Attendees:          Notes JCO New release for updated wasmtime (https://github.com/bytecodealliance/jco/releases/tag/1.4.4) Guy: are we generating types for deprecated gate? We might need an extra flag for this to ensure that it can be excluded Guy: Other than that, mostly bugfixes, s...</div></div></div>",
        "id": 464120821,
        "sender_full_name": "Victor Adossi",
        "timestamp": 1724261559
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Basically, the meeting notes <em>should</em> match what's in the PR -- though it should have been GDocs -&gt; Github, will try to remember to do that flow next time.</p>",
        "id": 464121129,
        "sender_full_name": "Victor Adossi",
        "timestamp": 1724261671
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thanks for keeping on top of the notes today! And that was super quick on the posting, approved.</p>",
        "id": 464121192,
        "sender_full_name": "Guy Bedford",
        "timestamp": 1724261699
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>No problem! Yeah if anyone has any changes, please feel free to make them -- or just leave a comment (here or there) and I'll make them</p>",
        "id": 464121603,
        "sender_full_name": "Victor Adossi",
        "timestamp": 1724261859
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>thanks!</p>",
        "id": 464131630,
        "sender_full_name": "Ralph",
        "timestamp": 1724264468
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Meetings notes from the latest meeting -- thanks to everyone who dropped in:</p>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings/pull/445\">https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings/pull/445</a></p>\n<div class=\"message_embed\"><a class=\"message_embed_image\" href=\"https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings/pull/445\" style=\"background-image: url(&quot;https://uploads.zulipusercontent.net/dbbddc276fc64bad39f48bfaaa1a303494320920/68747470733a2f2f6f70656e67726170682e6769746875626173736574732e636f6d2f616238363033393263363036366132343635383336643263373836316138616438326664346435383763353831383033333466663036333236613566376237342f62797465636f6465616c6c69616e63652f6d656574696e67732f70756c6c2f343435&quot;)\"></a><div class=\"data-container\"><div class=\"message_embed_title\"><a href=\"https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings/pull/445\" title=\"meetings(js): add meeting notes for 2024/10/16 by vados-cosmonic · Pull Request #445 · bytecodealliance/meetings\">meetings(js): add meeting notes for 2024/10/16 by vados-cosmonic · Pull Request #445 · bytecodealliance/meetings</a></div><div class=\"message_embed_description\">We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously.</div></div></div>",
        "id": 477252363,
        "sender_full_name": "Victor Adossi",
        "timestamp": 1729095004
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"553681\">@Guy Bedford</span> following up here -- an <code>async</code> branch that we can make drafts/PRs against in <code>jco</code> would make it a lot easier to collaborate on the early progress</p>",
        "id": 500699928,
        "sender_full_name": "Victor Adossi",
        "timestamp": 1739984709
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That makes sense to me, feel free to get that going</p>",
        "id": 500731078,
        "sender_full_name": "Guy Bedford",
        "timestamp": 1739994911
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"234973\">@Till Schneidereit</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"479055\">@Calvin Prewitt</span>  and others that want to join the JS meeting today, it looks like people are out of town/at conferences, so let's cancel for this week?</p>",
        "id": 509723272,
        "sender_full_name": "Victor Adossi",
        "timestamp": 1743606337
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Please feel free to leave updates in here for respective projects (StarlingMonkey, ComponentizeJS, Jco)</p>\n<p>Oh also <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"763150\">@Tomasz Andrzejak</span> who isn't in here somehow (and is also on vacation)</p>",
        "id": 509723579,
        "sender_full_name": "Victor Adossi",
        "timestamp": 1743606392
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah, I'm not able to join today</p>",
        "id": 509724392,
        "sender_full_name": "Calvin Prewitt",
        "timestamp": 1743606573
    },
    {
        "content": "<h2>Jco update</h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Tooling &amp; test improvements for the repo, consistency with things like linting</li>\n<li>Fixed some UX issues that have been lingering</li>\n<li>Started update to  componentize-js v0.18.0<ul>\n<li>This actually appears to be stuck, an existing example no longer compiles with the newest version of componentize-js, complaining about being unable to find an export.</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Refactor of debug options passed to componentize (this is blocked on the upstream addition to componentize -- <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"234973\">@Till Schneidereit</span> if you wouldn't mind a review there!)</li>\n<li>Async work is paused right now, because there is a large amount of change going on in the specs and upstream p3-prototyping repo. the rebase onto newer versions of everything needs to be done and may break many things, so I'm pushing that off until we can fix other issues in Jco/cJS (like OOMs, etc)</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 509725221,
        "sender_full_name": "Victor Adossi",
        "timestamp": 1743606725
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ah thanks Calvin! will add something to meetings to the effect that the meeting was cancelled</p>",
        "id": 509725361,
        "sender_full_name": "Victor Adossi",
        "timestamp": 1743606751
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey everyone, JS Subgroup meeting is happening right now:</p>\n<p><a href=\"https://us06web.zoom.us/j/88578179754?pwd=VukbCMl6p3brpUAUcKU36lf2gvKbC4.1\">https://us06web.zoom.us/j/88578179754?pwd=VukbCMl6p3brpUAUcKU36lf2gvKbC4.1</a></p>\n<div class=\"message_embed\"><a class=\"message_embed_image\" href=\"https://us06web.zoom.us/j/88578179754?pwd=VukbCMl6p3brpUAUcKU36lf2gvKbC4.1\" style=\"background-image: url(&quot;https://uploads.zulipusercontent.net/2a5e78c6575af87af5e66a30414b3aefec6a384e/68747470733a2f2f757330367374332e7a6f6f6d2e75732f7374617469632f362e332e33363133392f696d6167652f7468756d625f666f725f6c61756e63682e706e67&quot;)\"></a><div class=\"data-container\"><div class=\"message_embed_title\"><a href=\"https://us06web.zoom.us/j/88578179754?pwd=VukbCMl6p3brpUAUcKU36lf2gvKbC4.1\" title=\"Join our Cloud HD Video Meeting\">Join our Cloud HD Video Meeting</a></div><div class=\"message_embed_description\">Zoom is the leader in modern enterprise cloud communications.</div></div></div>",
        "id": 520915688,
        "sender_full_name": "Victor Adossi",
        "timestamp": 1748444705
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"479055\">@Calvin Prewitt</span> would you mind sharing where the community meetings are uploaded? <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"417958\">@Milan (rajsite)</span> was looking for them!</p>\n<p>I pointed to <a href=\"https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings/tree/main/SIG-Guest-Languages/JavaScript\">https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings/tree/main/SIG-Guest-Languages/JavaScript</a> but it looks like the videos aren't uploaded to BCA YT/might be hard to find?</p>\n<div class=\"message_embed\"><a class=\"message_embed_image\" href=\"https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings/tree/main/SIG-Guest-Languages/JavaScript\" style=\"background-image: url(&quot;https://uploads.zulipusercontent.net/80da83fcc9f8cdf004e7200e4df726600095e7bb/68747470733a2f2f6f70656e67726170682e6769746875626173736574732e636f6d2f643934306162303862373537636163313665643338653661326536366336313565346637666235623565303032653039326237653364613063306635643564372f62797465636f6465616c6c69616e63652f6d656574696e6773&quot;)\"></a><div class=\"data-container\"><div class=\"message_embed_title\"><a href=\"https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings/tree/main/SIG-Guest-Languages/JavaScript\" title=\"meetings/SIG-Guest-Languages/JavaScript at main · bytecodealliance/meetings\">meetings/SIG-Guest-Languages/JavaScript at main · bytecodealliance/meetings</a></div><div class=\"message_embed_description\">Contribute to bytecodealliance/meetings development by creating an account on GitHub.</div></div></div>",
        "id": 526029732,
        "sender_full_name": "Victor Adossi",
        "timestamp": 1751010605
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cIM8ycC6gF707h8Nu383D6pWYxaqugvx?usp=sharing\">https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cIM8ycC6gF707h8Nu383D6pWYxaqugvx?usp=sharing</a></p>",
        "id": 526050470,
        "sender_full_name": "Calvin Prewitt",
        "timestamp": 1751018448
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"479055\">@Calvin Prewitt</span> what do you think about adding that to the guide? If that's how people should be accessing the recorded meetings it would be great if other contributors could find it easily:</p>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings/pull/631\">https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings/pull/631</a></p>\n<div class=\"message_embed\"><a class=\"message_embed_image\" href=\"https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings/pull/631\" style=\"background-image: url(&quot;https://uploads.zulipusercontent.net/5ef6edf69b23e81185312d4c7331aab86afc7c3a/68747470733a2f2f6f70656e67726170682e6769746875626173736574732e636f6d2f353130376566626133323866333961643635363339343735333731313734366330336562633631666436393162326462306164363165366463656632333165322f62797465636f6465616c6c69616e63652f6d656574696e67732f70756c6c2f363331&quot;)\"></a><div class=\"data-container\"><div class=\"message_embed_title\"><a href=\"https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings/pull/631\" title=\"feat(js): add meeting recording link by vados-cosmonic · Pull Request #631 · bytecodealliance/meetings\">feat(js): add meeting recording link by vados-cosmonic · Pull Request #631 · bytecodealliance/meetings</a></div><div class=\"message_embed_description\">This commit adds a link to the recorded meetings, so contributors can access the previously taken recordings.</div></div></div>",
        "id": 526078538,
        "sender_full_name": "Victor Adossi",
        "timestamp": 1751029247
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"598440\">Victor Adossi</span> <a href=\"#narrow/channel/394175-SIG-Guest-Languages/topic/Javascript.20Subgroup/near/526078538\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Hey <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"479055\">Calvin Prewitt</span> what do you think about adding that to the guide? If that's how people should be accessing the recorded meetings it would be great if other contributors could find it easily:</p>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings/pull/631\">https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings/pull/631</a></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Merged</p>",
        "id": 526079300,
        "sender_full_name": "Calvin Prewitt",
        "timestamp": 1751029468
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"598440\">@Victor Adossi</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"763150\">@Tomasz Andrzejak</span> I'll unfortunately not be able to join today's call. My biggest update is that I'm inching closer to having a working solution for rust builtins with reasonably usable bindings in StarlingMonkey, with hopefully a path towards webidl bindings in a next step. All based on servo's bindings, but not using all of servo's JS runtime</p>",
        "id": 537490888,
        "sender_full_name": "Till Schneidereit",
        "timestamp": 1756910205
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"234973\">@Till Schneidereit</span> would you mind taking another look at <a href=\"https://github.com/bytecodealliance/ComponentizeJS/pull/285\">https://github.com/bytecodealliance/ComponentizeJS/pull/285</a> ? I think that can go in now that SM 0.2.0 is out</p>\n<div class=\"message_embed\"><a class=\"message_embed_image\" href=\"https://github.com/bytecodealliance/ComponentizeJS/pull/285\" style=\"background-image: url(&quot;https://uploads.zulipusercontent.net/feae961ae7fed3ced6e79a3da8b644dbe6bbe86f/68747470733a2f2f6f70656e67726170682e6769746875626173736574732e636f6d2f313933643135376532313736306332623135653939363739653661353063663332643533616134343566323730396531623131623666366365303238633034652f62797465636f6465616c6c69616e63652f436f6d706f6e656e74697a654a532f70756c6c2f323835&quot;)\"></a><div class=\"data-container\"><div class=\"message_embed_title\"><a href=\"https://github.com/bytecodealliance/ComponentizeJS/pull/285\" title=\"Update starlingmonkey and bumps package version by karthik2804 · Pull Request #285 · bytecodealliance/ComponentizeJS\">Update starlingmonkey and bumps package version by karthik2804 · Pull Request #285 · bytecodealliance/ComponentizeJS</a></div><div class=\"message_embed_description\">This PR pulls in the latest StarlingMonkey, which means we have to drop support for AoT using weval.</div></div></div>",
        "id": 537497911,
        "sender_full_name": "Victor Adossi",
        "timestamp": 1756912163
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>woops just realized this is definitely the wrong thread but I can't move the above message to componentizeJS :|</p>",
        "id": 537502063,
        "sender_full_name": "Victor Adossi",
        "timestamp": 1756913393
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I can move your message, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"598440\">@Victor Adossi</span>, but am not sure which thread you want it to go to.  LMK...)</p>",
        "id": 537504594,
        "sender_full_name": "David Bryant",
        "timestamp": 1756914149
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ah thank you! If that message could go to <a class=\"stream-topic\" data-stream-id=\"387620\" href=\"/#narrow/channel/387620-ComponentizeJS/topic/StarlingMonkey.20update/with/536750583\">#ComponentizeJS &gt; StarlingMonkey update</a>  that would be great! <span aria-label=\"bow\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f647\" role=\"img\" title=\"bow\">:bow:</span> that is the PR for the starlingmonkey update</p>",
        "id": 537507031,
        "sender_full_name": "Victor Adossi",
        "timestamp": 1756914765
    }
]